--- Store Listing ----
Title : 
Sneaker Match Mania

Description : 
Sneaker Match Mania - The matching game with a kick! From the guys that brought you Sneakerology. 

Sneaker Match Mania is fun, addictive and challenging - match three sets of sneakers and clear the grid - do you think you have what it takes to become a Sneaker Match Mania master? 

So, you love sneakers, right? So do we, and that’s why we created Sneaker Match Mania! Match identical sneakers and work your way to the top... but watch out for the infamous Hypebeast John! 

HOURS OF ADDICTIVE GAMEPLAY! 
Sneaker Match Mania is a game with a kick - play endlessly when you get bored and join the craze wherever you go - with dozens of levels and three addictive game modes, Sneaker Match Mania will keep you entertained for hours on end! 

EASY TO LEARN YET HARD TO MASTER! 
All you need to do is match three identical sneakers in a line or row - which should be an easy task... if it weren’t for Hypebeast John or the mysterious sneaky sneaker! 

In each addictive level, Sneaker Match Mania will leave you at the edge of your seat as you match sneakers and raise your score - how many tokens can you collect? 

GET HINTS AND HYPEBEAST TRAPS! 
Sneaker Match Mania features some of the coolest sneakers imaginable - it’s an adventure not to miss! Getting ‘cold feet’? Use a hint tool to find a place to match the sneakers or use a raffle ticket to match a sneaker that you need! 

Capture Hypebeast John and obliterate the grid. Match up more than five sneakers and get the magic shoebox to get rid of Hypebeast John in a flash! 

PLAY AGAINST YOUR FRIEND! 
Now with game center you can play your friends & see who is 
a bigger Sneaker Match Mania sneakerhead, also post your score on your Facebook! 

- Match three or five identical sneakers to clear the grid! 
- Collect awesome powerups or buy them with your tokens! 
- Use helpful hints to fly through the levels! 
- Avoid Hypebeast John, and other enemies! 
- Fun and addictive gameplay that everyone will enjoy! DOWNLOAD NOW 


**EARN AWESOME POWERUPS** 
Raffle ticket- Create any sneaker to help with your Matching kicks 
Magic shoe box- eliminates all of one type of sneaker with one big blast! 
Hypebeast traps- Catch Hypebeast John get rid of him on the screen. 
Clues- Find elusive matches and solve the puzzle 


CHOOSE A BACKGROUND** 
Pick your Choice of Background of a Mall, Newyork, Basketball court, Miami, Sneakerstore 

Jump into the world of Sneaker Match Mania - The matching game for all Sneakerheads and gamers alike!

WebSite:
http://www.thesneakerapp.com

Email:
illmatic9@gmail.com
